---
sidebar: auto
---

# Contributing to these docs

To contribute to these docs you can simply create a pull requests in the
repository (link is in the navigation bar). But before you start making any
changes refer to guidelines below to help keep these docs consistent.

## Use English

Although we are a Slovak based company, we prefer to use English for
communication during our development processes. These processes include
*pull-requests* and *code reviews*. So, it is only natural to keep the
documentation in English as well.

## Check your grammar

Even if you are fluid in English, you still make grammar mistakes. So please,
before submitting your PR, run a spell check on your document and make sure that
everything is ok. You can even install spell checking extensions in your editor
of choice. For instance, VSCode has an extension called [Code Spell Checker][0]
that highlights any misspells in your code, which includes markdown files.

## Wrap lines at column 80

Yes, you have to do that. This helps to keep my personal sanity in place, and it
makes these docs a place of order and comfort. Again, you don't have to do this
manually, any decent editor either has this sort of functionality built-in, or
you can install an extension to add it. In VSCode you can install extension
called [Rewrap][1] which does exactly that.

## Keep it short and concise

Whenever you are contributing to any type of documentation, you have to keep in
mind that it is developers just like you that are going to be reading it. So try
to keep the information as concise as possible with as much practical examples
as possible, but don't leave out any important details.

## Use emojis to make your text more lively ðŸ¤“

Emojis is a great tool to bring positive energy into your writing, so why not
use them! Just make sure not to overdo it ðŸ¤¢...

## List your sources

Always put a list of references at the end of your article. This acknowledges
other people's work and helps readers to more easily find links referenced in
your document.

## References

[0]:
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker
[1]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stkb.rewrap

- [Code Spell Checker (a Visual Studio Code extension), marketplace.visualstudio.com][0]
- [Rewrap (a Visual Studio Code extension), marketplace.visualstudio.com][1]